Adding AI conversation section (#8094)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/ai/conversation/history/index.mdx

<Callout>

If you are looking for a quick way to get stared with conversation history, [this example project](https://github.com/aws-samples/amplify-ai-examples/tree/main/claude-ai) has a similar interface to ChatGPT or Claude where users see past conversations in a sidebar they can manage. 

</Callout>

When you define a conversation route in your Amplify data schema, the Amplify AI kit turns that into 2 data models: `Conversation` and `Message`. The `Conversation` model functions mostly the same way as other data models defined in your schema. You can list and filter them (because they use owner-based authorization users will only see their conversations) and you can get a specific conversation by ID. Then once you have a conversation instance you can load the messages in it if there are any, send messages to it, and subscribe to the stream events being sent back. 

## Listing conversations

To list all the conversations a user has you can use the `.list()` method. It works the same way as any other Amplify data model would. You can optionally pass a `limit` or `nextToken`.

```ts
const { data: conversations } = await client.conversations.chat.list()
```

> The conversation model has `createdAt` and `updatedAt` fields so you can sort by when the conversation was created or when it was last updated. The `updatedAt` field gets updated when new messages are sent, so you can use that to see which conversation had the most recent message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updatedAt` field gets updated when new messages are sent, so you can use that to see which conversation had the most recent message. Conversations retrieved via `.list()` are sorted in descending order by `updatedAt`.

### Pagination
The result of `.list()` contains a `nextToken` property. This can be used to retrieve subsequent pages of conversations.

```ts
const { data: conversations, nextToken } = await client.conversations.chat.list();

// retrieve next page
if (nextToken) { 
  const { data: nextPageConversations } = await client.conversations.chat.list({ 
    nextToken 
  });
}
```
```

> The conversation model has `createdAt` and `updatedAt` fields so you can sort by when the conversation was created or when it was last updated. The `updatedAt` field gets updated when new messages are sent, so you can use that to see which conversation had the most recent message. 
> 
> ```ts
> const {data: conversations} = await client.conversations.chat.list();
> 
> conversations.sort((a, b) => (a.updatedAt > b.updatedAt ? -1 : 1))
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updatedAt` field gets updated when new messages are sent, so you can use that to see which conversation had the most recent message. Conversations retrieved via `.list()` are sorted in descending order by `updatedAt`.

### Pagination
The result of `.list()` contains a `nextToken` property. This can be used to retrieve subsequent pages of conversations.

```ts
const { data: conversations, nextToken } = await client.conversations.chat.list();

// retrieve next page
if (nextToken) { 
  const { data: nextPageConversations } = await client.conversations.chat.list({ 
    nextToken 
  });
}
```
```

Conversations also have `name` and `metadata` fields you can use to more easily find and resume past conversations. `name` is a string and `metadata` is a JSON object so you can store any extra information you need. 

## Resuming conversations

You can resume a conversation by calling the `.get()` method with a conversation ID. Both `.create()` and `.get()` return the a conversation instance. 

<InlineFilter filters={['javascript','vue','angular']}>

```ts
// list all conversations a user has
// make sure the user has been authenticated with Amplify Auth
const conversationList = await client.conversations.conversation.list();

// Retrieve a specific conversation
const { data: conversation } = await client.conversations.chat.get({ id: conversationList[0].id });

// list the existing messages in the conversation
const { data: messages } = await conversation.listMessages();

// You can now send a message to the conversation

> conversation.sendMessage({})

Reviewer: how about this instead of an empty object?
```suggestion
conversation.sendMessage(userMessage)
```
